Updates docs about adding agents (#1824)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/tab-widgets/prereq.asciidoc

// tag::cloud[]

> * An {ess} deployment that includes an {integrations-server} (included by

Author: ```suggestion
* {ess} deployment that includes an {integrations-server} (included by
```

// tag::self-managed[]

> * An {es} cluster and {kib} (version {minor-version}) with a basic license or

Author: Lists should be grammatically parallel, but sometimes it's not worth the effort because users don't really care (unless the list is harder to scan, which is a valid argument for making them parallel).

> * An {es} cluster and {kib} (version {minor-version}) with a basic license or

Author: ```suggestion
* {es} cluster and {kib} (version {minor-version}) with a basic license or
```

higher. {stack-gs}/get-started-elastic-stack.html[Learn how to install the
{stack} on your own hardware].

* Secure, encrypted connection between {kib} and {es}. For more information,
see {ref}/configuring-stack-security.html[Start the {stack} with security enabled].

> * {kib} requires an internet connection to download integration packages from the

Author: ```suggestion
* Internet connection for {kib} to download integration packages from the
```

> * {kib} requires an internet connection to download integration packages from the

Author: I'm not going to make this parallel because I think it's more clear than using passive.

Author: Oh wait...I thought of a good edit.

> Elastic Package Registry. Make sure the {kib} server can connect to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{package-registry}. Make sure the {kib} server can connect to
```

{kibana-ref}/kibana-encryption-keys.html[`kibana-encryption-keys` command] to
generate the key.

//TO DO: We need to test these recommendations to see which are still valid
//when users run security by default. I suspect the setup is easier than we

> //are conveying here.

Author: Sure if you want to go for it! Setting up security is a lot easier now that you can start the stack with security enabled. We might still want to document these settings (for users who set up security themselves) but we could add more guidance here.
